feat: add docs (#192)
FuelLabs/fuels-wallet: docs/WALLET_SDK.md

# Fuel Wallet SDK

- [Fuel Wallet SDK](#fuel-wallet-sdk)
  - [How to use?](#how-to-use)
  - [Quickstart](#quickstart)
    - [Request connection](#request-connection)
    - [List user accounts](#list-user-accounts)
    - [Signing a message](#signing-a-message)
  - [SDK API](#sdk-api)
    - [Methods](#methods)
      - [Connect](#connect)
      - [Disconnect](#disconnect)
      - [List Accounts](#list-accounts)
      - [Request signature message](#request-signature-message)
    - [Events](#events)
      - [Accounts](#accounts)
      - [Connection](#connection)

## How to use?

When a user has the FuelWallet extension already installed on the browser you will be able to,
interact with the Wallet API by access our SDK on `window.FuelWeb3`.

## Quickstart

### Request connection

> Before any action you need to request the user to connect and authorized your application, via the wallet.

Author: First of all, you need to connect and authorized your application to use the user's FuelWallet extension.

This can be done by acessing `FuelWeb3.connect()`.

```ts
const isConnected = await window.FuelWeb3.connect();
console.log("Connection response", isConnected);
```

> The `connect()` method returns a promise, if you prefer to do in a async way you can use `FuelWeb3.on('connection', () => void)` to

Author: in `an` async way`,` you can ....

listen for changes on the connection.

### List user accounts

> After connection is authorized you can list the user accounts using `window.FuelWeb3.accounts()`.

Author: `Once` connection is authorized....

| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [connect]     | async connect(): Promise<boolean>                                    |
| [disconnect]  | async disconnect(): Promise<boolean>                                 |
| [accounts]    | async accounts(): Promise<Array<string>>                             |
| [signMessage] | async signMessage(address: string, message: string): Promise<string> |

### Methods

#### Connect

`connect` - Request permission to start a connection between the project and the wallet

```ts
const isConnected = await window.FuelWeb3.connect();
console.log("connection status", isConnected);
```

#### Disconnect

`disconnect` - Disconnect your project

```ts
await window.FuelWeb3.disconnect();
```

#### List Accounts

`accounts` - List accounts in the wallet

```ts
const accounts = await window.FuelWeb3.accounts();
console.log(accounts);
```

#### Request signature message

`signMessage` - Request a message signature for one specific account

```ts
const account = "fuel1<address>";
const signedMessage = await window.FuelWeb3.signMessage(account, message);
```

### Events

> Events are trigger when the state of the repective scope is updated.

Author: Events are `triggered`

#### Accounts

> `accounts` - Listen to changes to the list of authorized accounts. Params `Array<string>`

Author: Listen to changes `in` the list of .....

# Fuel Wallet SDK

- [Fuel Wallet SDK](#fuel-wallet-sdk)
  - [How to use?](#how-to-use)
  - [Quickstart](#quickstart)
    - [Request connection](#request-connection)
    - [List user accounts](#list-user-accounts)
    - [Signing a message](#signing-a-message)
  - [SDK API](#sdk-api)
    - [Methods](#methods)
      - [Connect](#connect)
      - [Disconnect](#disconnect)

>       - [List Accounts](#list-accounts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [List accounts](#list-accounts)
```

      - [Request signature message](#request-signature-message)
    - [Events](#events)
      - [Accounts](#accounts)
      - [Connection](#connection)

> ## How to use?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use
```

> If the Fuel Wallet extension corrrectly installed on the user's browser, the Wallet SDK will be inject automatically on the
> `window` object on property `FuelWeb3`. To access it you can use `window.FuelWeb3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've correctly installed the Fuel wallet extension, the wallet SDK will be injected automatically on the `window` object on property `FuelWeb3`. To access it, you can use `window.FuelWeb3`
```

```ts
window.FuelWeb3.connect();
```

You can try this code directly on the developer console.

## Quickstart

### Request connection

> First of all, you need to connect and authorized your application, this will authorize your application to execute other actions.
> This can be done by acessing `FuelWeb3.connect()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, you need to connect and authorize your application; this will authorize your application to execute other actions. You can do this by accessing `FuelWeb3.connect()`.
```

```ts
const isConnected = await window.FuelWeb3.connect();
console.log("Connection response", isConnected);
```

> The `connect()` method returns a promise, if you prefer to do in an async way, you can use `FuelWeb3.on('connection', () => void)` to
> listen for changes on the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `connect()` method returns a promise; if you prefer to do it in an async way, you can use `FuelWeb3.on('connection', () => void)` to
listen for changes in the connection.
```

### List user accounts

> Once connection is authorized you can list the user accounts using `window.FuelWeb3.accounts()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the connection is authorized, you can list the user accounts using `window.FuelWeb3.accounts()`.
```

| [disconnect](#disconnect)                 | async disconnect(): Promise<boolean>                                 |
| [accounts](#list-user-accounts)           | async accounts(): Promise<Array<string>>                             |
| [signMessage](#request-signature-message) | async signMessage(address: string, message: string): Promise<string> |

### Methods

#### Connect

`connect` - Request permission to start a connection between the project and the wallet

```ts
const isConnected = await window.FuelWeb3.connect();
console.log("connection status", isConnected);
```

#### Disconnect

`disconnect` - Disconnect your project

```ts
await window.FuelWeb3.disconnect();
```

#### List Accounts

`accounts` - List accounts in the wallet

```ts
const accounts = await window.FuelWeb3.accounts();
console.log(accounts);
```

#### Request signature message

`signMessage` - Request a message signature for one specific account

```ts
const account = "fuel1<address>";
const signedMessage = await window.FuelWeb3.signMessage(account, message);
```

### Events

Events are triggered when the state of the repective scope is updated.

#### Accounts

> `accounts` - Listen to changes in to the list of authorized accounts. Params `Array<string>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`accounts` - Listen to changes to the list of authorized accounts. Params `Array<string>`
```

```ts
window.FuelWeb3.on("accounts", (data) => {
  console.log("accounts", data);
});
```

#### Connection

> `connection` - Listen to changes in connection status. Params `boolean`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`connection` - Listen to changes in the connection status. Params `boolean`
```
